# Invoicer

This is a Python script that generates and prints invoices in PDF format based on provided templates and configuration settings.

## Prerequisites

- Python 3.x
- The required dependencies are listed in the `requirements.txt` file. You can install them using the following command:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Configuration

The default configuration file path is `~/.config/invoicer.yml`. You can modify this path by editing the `SETTINGS_FILE` variable in the script.

To customize the invoicer settings, you need to create a YAML file using the following structure:

```yaml
output_directory: /path/to/output/directory
invoice_header:
  - Header line 1
  - Header line 2
invoice_footer:
  - Footer line 1
  - Footer line 2
```

Make sure to replace `/path/to/output/directory` with the desired directory path where the generated PDF invoices should be saved. Additionally, you can customize the invoice header and footer lines.

## Sample Templates

The `sample` folder contains sample template files that you can use as a starting point for creating your own templates:

- `customer1_template.yml`
- `customer2_template.yml`
- `invoicer.yml`

You can specify the template file to use as an argument when running the script.

## Usage

To run the script, use the following command:

```
./invoicer.py /path/to/template_file.yml
```

Replace `/path/to/template_file.yml` with the path to the template file you want to use.

The script will read the specified template file, generate an invoice based on the template, and print the invoice details to the console. It will also save the invoice as a PDF file in the configured output directory.

Please ensure that the output directory specified in the configuration file exists before running the script.

NOTES: `invoice_date` and `invoice_number` are optional fields that, if omitted, will get autogenerated.

## Example

Here's an example command to run the script using one of the sample templates:

```
./invoicer.py sample/customer1_template.yml
```

This will generate an invoice based on the `customer1_template.yml` file and save it as a PDF in the configured output directory.

Feel free to modify the provided templates or create your own templates to suit your specific needs.

For any questions or issues, please contact [your contact information].
